7⁰ fnvrscountnon·

hendra large thare ol them. Yet in all
delineatione of this sort two things are ob—
servabit, ιι. That in the latter, which‘are
'the pure result of our» reasonings concern·-
ing expediency‚ common stnse, ingiven con·
junllures, often leads ro the same mea·
sures: As when U lyffes in Homer disguists
himself, for the lake-of coming at a more
erra& information ol the state of his'f -
mily3 or, when Orestes in Sophocles does

› ' the same, to bring about the catastrophe

of the Electra. 2. In respell of- the former
(which is of principal consideration) the
established modes and practices ‹if-life be·
' ing the proper and only archetype, experi-
ente and common observation cannot fail

of pointing with the greatest certainty, to
thern So that in the one· cale differem
writers· may· concur in treatin'g the sama
matter, in the other, they mtrfl. But this
last will bear a little further illustration. ’ ’

The critics on Homer have remarkedt
with admiration, in him, the almost 'infinite‘
variety of images and pistures, taken from
the intire circle of human arts. What·

ever the· wit ol man had invented for the
. 1 service

 

