nonntcne 1M1Tnn1ott. 7 · ’

. Now to see hon ¹fat· the same common
principles of nature wiil go towards effeet-
ing the ſsmilarity, here spoken of, itione.
,cessary to confidet very distinoly

mun utn'rsstt and

' ,112² ¹Tne tinnient, of all poetical imita·
tion.'' ·

Ι. In all thet range of natural objeeis,
oter which the restless imagination of the
poet expatiates,there is no subje& of pic·
nie or imitation, that isnot teducible to
ono. or other of the three fillowing distes,
1·. Tne material world, or that vast compages
pf corporeal forms, of which this universe is
compounded, 2. Tha, internal workings and
moventents of his* own mind, under which I
emprehend the manners-,sentimenta andpoſs
ſsons.. 3. Tlnffe interna! operatione that are
made objeblive to sense by the omwardstgns
ofgesture, attitude, or aetion. Resides these
lknow of no source, whence the artist can
detine a single sentiment or image. 'Thero
needs no new distinetion in‘ favour of Ho-
nter's gods, Milton’s angels, or Shaktspear's
ptitclnm it being clear, that these ate only v

Bt , human

 

