ronrrcnn ·1M1T-A··:rroN‡ ep

find¹ strengthened by habit. They are pr'o-
perly¹ then, the resultes the manners', or
prspere, which hare been already con·
templated. Our sentimente, merely as such,
terminate in themselves, end furnilh no ex·
ternal apparent matter to dffcriptim

· The-lame conelufion would, it must be
owned,-hold of our religione, ar morel senti·
ments, were we to regard them only in thie
tiew of 'dispaffionate and roal reflexione.
For such· reflexion produce no change of
stature, no alteration in the form or countmae
once, nor are they recellarily followedby
‘any serfible demonstration of their power
in outward arrion. But then it usually
happens (which letethe widest differente
between the two cases) ¹that rhe one, as ree
spelling an objeel, whose very idea interestr
strongly, ¹and puts all our ,facultiesln mo·
tion, are, ² almost of neceffity, affeciated
with the impelling causes of affedion3 and
so express themselves in legible figns and
charatlere. Whereas the other sentimentt,
respeffing human nature and its nece tries,
are frequently no other than a calm indif- '⁴‘

- ferent surrey of compen life, unattenrlelp
2 wrt

 

